#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.9
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements/dev.txt requirements/dev.in
#
alabaster==0.7.12
    # via sphinx
alembic==1.7.7
    # via flask-migrate
attrs==21.4.0
    # via
    #   markdown-it-py
    #   pytest
babel==2.9.1
    # via sphinx
backports-zoneinfo==0.2.1
    # via -r requirements/reqs.in
black==22.3.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==2.0.12
    # via requests
click==8.1.2
    # via
    #   black
    #   flask
codecov==2.1.12
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
coverage[toml]==6.3.2
    # via
    #   codecov
    #   pytest-cov
decorator==5.1.1
    # via validators
distlib==0.3.4
    # via virtualenv
dnspython==2.2.1
    # via email-validator
docutils==0.17.1
    # via
    #   myst-parser
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
email-validator==1.1.3
    # via
    #   shopyo
    #   wtforms-components
factory-boy==3.2.1
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
faker==13.3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
    #   -r requirements/reqs.in
    #   factory-boy
filelock==3.6.0
    # via
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
flask==2.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/reqs.in
    #   flask-admin
    #   flask-login
    #   flask-mailman
    #   flask-marshmallow
    #   flask-migrate
    #   flask-reuploaded
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   flask-wtf
    #   shopyo
flask-admin==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/reqs.in
    #   shopyo
flask-login==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/reqs.in
    #   shopyo
flask-mailman==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/reqs.in
    #   shopyo
flask-marshmallow==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/reqs.in
    #   shopyo
flask-migrate==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/reqs.in
    #   shopyo
flask-reuploaded==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements/reqs.in
flask-sqlalchemy==2.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/reqs.in
    #   flask-migrate
    #   shopyo
flask-wtf==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/reqs.in
    #   shopyo
freezegun==1.2.1
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
greenlet==1.1.2
    # via sqlalchemy
icalendar==4.0.9
    # via -r requirements/reqs.in
idna==3.3
    # via
    #   email-validator
    #   requests
imagesize==1.3.0
    # via sphinx
importlib-metadata==4.11.3
    # via
    #   flask
    #   sphinx
infinity==1.5
    # via intervals
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via pytest
intervals==0.9.2
    # via wtforms-components
isort==5.10.1
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
itsdangerous==2.1.2
    # via
    #   flask
    #   flask-wtf
jinja2==3.1.1
    # via
    #   flask
    #   myst-parser
    #   sphinx
mako==1.2.0
    # via alembic
markdown-it-py==2.0.1
    # via
    #   mdit-py-plugins
    #   myst-parser
markupsafe==2.1.1
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   wtforms
    #   wtforms-components
marshmallow==3.15.0
    # via
    #   flask-marshmallow
    #   marshmallow-sqlalchemy
    #   shopyo
marshmallow-sqlalchemy==0.28.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/reqs.in
    #   shopyo
mdit-py-plugins==0.3.0
    # via myst-parser
mdurl==0.1.0
    # via markdown-it-py
mkdocs-material-extensions==1.0.3
    # via flask-mailman
mypy-extensions==0.4.3
    # via black
myst-parser==0.17.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   marshmallow
    #   pytest
    #   sphinx
    #   tox
pathspec==0.9.0
    # via black
platformdirs==2.5.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   tox
py==1.11.0
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   tox
pygments==2.11.2
    # via sphinx
pymysql==1.0.2
    # via -r requirements/reqs.in
pyparsing==3.0.8
    # via packaging
pytest==7.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-dotenv
    #   pytest-order
pytest-cov==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
pytest-dotenv==0.5.2
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
pytest-order==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/reqs.in
    #   faker
    #   freezegun
    #   icalendar
python-dotenv==0.20.0
    # via pytest-dotenv
python-editor==1.0.4
    # via -r requirements/reqs.in
pytz==2022.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/reqs.in
    #   babel
    #   icalendar
pyyaml==6.0
    # via myst-parser
requests==2.27.1
    # via
    #   codecov
    #   sphinx
shopyo==4.4.2
    # via -r requirements/reqs.in
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   flask-marshmallow
    #   python-dateutil
    #   sqlalchemy-utils
    #   tox
    #   validators
    #   virtualenv
    #   wtforms-components
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via sphinx
sphinx==4.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
    #   myst-parser
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
sphinx-rtd-theme==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==1.0.2
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==1.0.2
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==1.0.3
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==1.1.5
    # via sphinx
sqlalchemy==1.4.35
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   marshmallow-sqlalchemy
    #   shopyo
    #   sqlalchemy-utils
    #   wtforms-alchemy
sqlalchemy-utils==0.38.2
    # via wtforms-alchemy
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
toml==0.10.2
    # via tox
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   coverage
    #   pytest
tox==3.25.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
typing-extensions==4.1.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   myst-parser
tzdata==2022.1
    # via -r requirements/reqs.in
urllib3==1.26.9
    # via requests
validators==0.18.2
    # via wtforms-components
virtualenv==20.14.1
    # via tox
werkzeug==2.1.1
    # via
    #   flask
    #   flask-login
    #   shopyo
wtforms==3.0.1
    # via
    #   flask-admin
    #   flask-wtf
    #   shopyo
    #   wtforms-alchemy
    #   wtforms-components
wtforms-alchemy==0.18.0
    # via -r requirements/reqs.in
wtforms-components==0.10.5
    # via wtforms-alchemy
zipp==3.8.0
    # via importlib-metadata
